the war on Gaza has taken away almost
everything that people once had the
lives the homes and even their
clothes I've fled in these clothes and
I've had them since the beginning of the
war I took this jacket from someone and
I fled in my remaining clothes we were
happy in Gaza we were
living living in a tent in Raa Dee and
his children are struggling to keep
warm all their clothes are torn I can't
buy anything for them look at these
clothes the price of new winter clothes
is Sky High so some are turning to
secondhand clothes shops like this
one the displacement occurred during the
summer and people came with summer
clothes now it's winter and it's cold so
there are no new clothes coming from
abroad there's no refuge except for
secondhand clothing
stores but even secondhand clothes can
prove
expensive what can I buy I have 200
shekels and I'm entering the store to
buy just a few items of clothes this
means I'll clothe four or five people at
most these are things we desperately
need clothes to provide warmth nearly 2
million Palestinians in Gaza have been
forced from their homes that are facing
starvation and disease as many of them
right now are living the open so
struggling to keep warm without winter
clothes only adds to their misery tkom
Al jazer Rafa in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer